{\rtf0\ansi{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss Helvetica;\f1\fmodern Ohlfs;}
\paperw10180
\paperh11400
\margl120
\margr120
{\colortbl;\red85\green85\blue85;\red0\green0\blue0;}
\pard\tx620\tx1240\tx1860\tx2480\tx3100\tx3720\tx4340\tx4980\tx5600\tx6220\f0\b\i0\ul\fs28\fc0\cf0 SporeView  v1.0
\pard\tx1340\tx2680\tx4020\tx5360\tx6720\tx8060\tx9400\tx10740\tx12080\tx13440\b0\ulnone\fc0\cf0 \

\fs24\gray333\fc1\cf1 by Stefan Jeworowski & Stefan Preuss\
\
To install this BackSpace-Module copy the SporView.BackModule file to /LocalLibrary/BackSpaceViews or ~/Library/BackSpaceViews\
\

\gray0\fc2\cf2 This is a simulation of three types of spores. Each Spore has the following life cyclus:\
 - birth\
 - eating\
 - reproduction\
 - death\
\
For reproduction the Spores need energy. To get energy the Spores eat each other.\
\
There are two different simulation modes:\
- each Spore kind can eat the other Spore kinds \
  ( 
\i r<->g<->b<->r
\i0  )\
- each Spore kind can eat only one other kind of \
  Spores ( 
\i r->g->b->r
\i0  )\
\
If a Spore has enough energy it reproduces itself as often as possible. For the reproduction the Spores consume energy. If a Spore gets out of energy it will die.\
\
The simulation looks best on a color display. The intensity of the Spores represents the energy of it. On the bottom of the screen you see a population statistic.\
\
You can modify some simulation parameter:\
\
- start Population: range from 3 to 200\
- max. Population: range from 200 to 50000\
- start spread: range from 5 to100\
- start cloud: range 5 to 100\
\

\i The source may look a little bit confusing because the simulation-code is ported from the ATARI TC-Compiler. \

\i0 \
Feel free to send me suggestions/comments.\
\
Have fun,\
   Stefan\
--\

\pard\tx1344\tx2688\tx4032\tx5376\tx6720\tx8064\tx9408\tx10752\tx12096\tx13440\fc2\cf2 stefan@flens.formel.com ( Stefan Preuss )\

}
