{\rtf0\ansi{\fonttbl\f0\froman Times-Roman;\f1\ftech Symbol;\f2\fswiss Helvetica;
}
\paperw6440\paperh8620
\pard\tx8640\tx9600\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs20 \cf0 Copyright 
\f1 ã
\f0 1993-1997 Scott Hess  All Rights Reserved.\
\pard\tx960\tx1920\tx2880\tx3840\tx4800\tx5760\tx6720\tx7680\tx8640\tx9600\li360\ql\qnatural

\fs16 \cf0 \
\
\pard\tx0\li100\ql\qnatural

\b\fs36 \cf0 Welcome to TimeMon4.0/Rhapsody\
\pard\tx960\tx1920\tx2880\tx3840\tx4800\tx5760\tx6720\tx7680\tx8640\tx9600\li360\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs16 \cf0 \
\pard\li300\ql\qnatural

\f2\fs24 \cf0 TimeMon gives a graphical representation of where the CPU cycles are going.  Version 4.0  requires OPENSTEP 4.x/Mach or Rhapsody, and can run on M68K, Intel, Sparc or PowerPC hardware.  Version 4.0 is basically the OPENSTEP port of TimeMon3.2, there are no new features. ²\
\pard\tx960\tx1920\tx2880\tx3840\tx4800\tx5760\tx6720\tx7680\tx8640\tx9600\li360\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs16 \cf0 \
\
\pard\tx0\li100\ql\qnatural

\b\fs36 \cf0 What Am I Seeing?\
\pard\tx960\tx1920\tx2880\tx3840\tx4800\tx5760\tx6720\tx7680\tx8640\tx9600\li360\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs16 \cf0 \
\pard\li300\ql\qnatural

\f2\fs24 \cf0 There are three general usages of CPU time under Unix.  System time is that time spent within the kernel.  User time is that time spent executing a user's programs, but not within the kernel.  Nice time is user time that has been set to a low priority.  There is also one other type of CPU time ± idle time.  This is time during which there is no productive work to do, so your machine essentially twiddles its thumbs at a high speed.\
\pard\tx960\tx1920\tx2880\tx3840\tx4800\tx5760\tx6720\tx7680\tx8640\tx9600\li360\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs16 \cf0 \
\pard\li300\ql\qnatural

\f2\fs24 \cf0 Lucky enough, the NeXT supplies four ``colors'', which maps well to the four types of timing information.  Black is for system time, dark gray for user, light gray for nice, and white for idle time.  You can change these colors using the ``wells'' at the top of this panel.\
\pard\tx960\tx1920\tx2880\tx3840\tx4800\tx5760\tx6720\tx7680\tx8640\tx9600\li360\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs16 \cf0 \
\pard\li300\ql\qnatural

\f2\fs24 \cf0 TimeMon displays this information within the program's icon.  There are three rings displayed.  The innermost ring is updated according to the 
\b Update Period
\b0 , which specifies the number of seconds between updates, and 
\b Lag Time
\b0  which specifies how many update periods should be averaged together for the innermost ring.  The middle ring is an average of the last 
\b Layer Factor
\b0  update periods, and the outer ring is an average of the values over the course of the square of the Layer Factor update periods.  The values in the fields are automagically stored in the user's defaults database.\
\pard\tx960\tx1920\tx2880\tx3840\tx4800\tx5760\tx6720\tx7680\tx8640\tx9600\li360\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs16 \cf0 \
\pard\li300\ql\qnatural

\f2\fs24 \cf0 The difference between 
\b Lag Time
\b0  and 
\b Layer Factor
\b0  are subtle but useful.  Both values cause the program to average information over some period of execution, resulting in a more stable display.  
\b Lag Time
\b0  should give a short amount of time useful to even out the ``bumps'' on the innermost ring.  A 
\b Lag Time
\b0  of zero can result in a very dynamic display.  A similar effect could be achieved by increasing the 
\b Update Period
\b0 .\
\pard\tx960\tx1920\tx2880\tx3840\tx4800\tx5760\tx6720\tx7680\tx8640\tx9600\li360\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs16 \cf0 \
\pard\li300\ql\qnatural

\f2\fs24 \cf0 TimeMon has been extensively tuned to use as few CPU cycles as possible.  But, if you feel the need to pause it, click the 
\b Pause
\b0  menu item.  Otherwise, adjust your Update Period to a higher value so that it updates less often\
\pard\tx960\tx1920\tx2880\tx3840\tx4800\tx5760\tx6720\tx7680\tx8640\tx9600\li360\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs16 \cf0 \
\
\pard\tx0\li100\ql\qnatural

\b\fs36 \cf0 Other Very Important Information\
\pard\tx960\tx1920\tx2880\tx3840\tx4800\tx5760\tx6720\tx7680\tx8640\tx9600\li360\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs16 \cf0 \
\pard\tx960\tx1920\tx2880\tx3840\tx4800\tx5760\tx6720\tx7680\tx8640\tx9600\li300\ql\qnatural

\f2\fs24 \cf0 Here we get into a blatant advert.  While I'm not writing TimeMon, I spend nearly all of my time doing custom programming for clients, and I'm considering dusting off some old NeXTSTEP packages for future Rhapsody development.\
\pard\tx960\tx1920\tx2880\tx3840\tx4800\tx5760\tx6720\tx7680\tx8640\tx9600\li360\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs16 \cf0 \
\pard\tx960\tx1920\tx2880\tx3840\tx4800\tx5760\tx6720\tx7680\tx8640\tx9600\li300\ql\qnatural

\f2\fs24 \cf0 My main title was 
\b Stuart
\b0 , a vt100 terminal emulator.  Stuart is very similar to Terminal in many ways - check Terminal's Info Panel on that.  Stuart had added features, though, and there were skunkworks projects in the air to add more.  It was sharewared at $40/per, any interest?\
\pard\tx960\tx1920\tx2880\tx3840\tx4800\tx5760\tx6720\tx7680\tx8640\tx9600\li360\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs16 \cf0 \
\pard\tx960\tx1920\tx2880\tx3840\tx4800\tx5760\tx6720\tx7680\tx8640\tx9600\li300\ql\qnatural

\f2\fs24 \cf0 My other title was 
\b TickleServices
\b0 .  TickleServices is a Services menu framework.  It includes a scripting language which can be used to write services, and a slew of ``example'' services, some of which are worth the registration price on their own.  TickleServices is the program I'm most proud of.  It was sharewared at $25/per.\
\pard\tx960\tx1920\tx2880\tx3840\tx4800\tx5760\tx6720\tx7680\tx8640\tx9600\li360\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs16 \cf0 \
\
\
\pard\tx0\li100\ql\qnatural

\b\fs36 \cf0 How To Find Scott\
\pard\tx960\tx1920\tx2880\tx3840\tx4800\tx5760\tx6720\tx7680\tx8640\tx9600\li360\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs16 \cf0 \
\pard\tx1520\li300\ql\qnatural

\fs28 \cf0 web:	http://www.doubleu.com/\
email:	scott@doubleu.com\
phone:	(606) 578-0412\
\pard\tx960\tx1920\tx2880\tx3840\tx4800\tx5760\tx6720\tx7680\tx8640\tx9600\li360\ql\qnatural

\fs16 \cf0 \
\pard\tx8640\tx9600\ql\qnatural

\fs20 \cf0 This is the small print.  All products or trademarks mentioned in this program are trademarks of their respective trademark holders.  Notably, NeXT and NeXTSTEP are trademarks of NeXT Computer, Inc., while DEC and VT100 are trademarks of Digital Equipment Corporation.  Communicae is a trademark of Active Ingredients, Inc.\
\pard\tx960\tx1920\tx2880\tx3840\tx4800\tx5760\tx6720\tx7680\tx8640\tx9600\li360\ql\qnatural

\fs16 \cf0 \
\pard\tx8640\tx9600\ql\qnatural

\fs20 \cf0 TimeMon is Copyright 
\f1 ã
\f0  1991-1997  by Scott Hess.  Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software and its documentation for any purpose and without fee is hereby granted, provided that this copyright notice appear in all copies.  Scott Hess makes no representations about the suitability of this software for any purpose.  It is provided "as is" without express or implied warranty.\
\
² Ported to OPENSTEP by svail@apple.com\
\pard\tx960\tx1920\tx2880\tx3840\tx4800\tx5760\tx6720\tx7680\tx8640\tx9600\li360\ql\qnatural

\fs16 \cf0 \
\pard\tx8640\tx9600\ql\qnatural

\fs14 \cf0 This is the \ul really\ulnone  small print.
\fs16 \
\pard\tx8640\tx9600\ql\qnatural

\fs2 \cf0 And this is the 
\i\b \ul really
\i0\b0 \ulnone  small print.\
	}
